good morning folks there were two minor
eruptions of note on our star over the
last day the first was a surface surge
center disc that put a tiny see and me
out into space if anything the second
was a larger eruption of a filament on
the northeastern limb but that one will
have no chance of coming in Earth's
direction cosmic ray charts from Bartol
appearing to show a continued rise and
the neutron certainly do show that but
their muon charts actually clapped right
back off yesterday no reading since
yesterday morning solar wind telemetry
is calming as Earth encounters a new
stream the ambient change is causing
minor perturbations meanwhile flaring
remained low for another day and
unfortunately the sto site is down so
sunspot analysis is difficult where it
is what a look at the return of the big
sunspot group from October we had a
couple larger earthquakes yesterday
including a multiple six reader in Fiji
followed by one and Vanuatu that also
hits 6.3 at its highest reading and
overnight a tremor struck the curl
islands that ranked as high as six point
five per the usual downgrade city USA
has all three and five magnitude range
so we know that rosetta's Lander is on
comet 67p but not all as well not only
did the attachment harpoons fail causing
the lander to bounce when it hit the
comet but they believe the lander missed
its target area may have bounced down a
cliff is not getting all the sunlight it
needs might run out of power is sitting
on its side and only eight of the ten
instruments have sent back any data it
is somewhat stable to a point and
hopefully the data we can receive makes
the project worthwhile updates to come
as needed some great articles today
starting with subtle hints of the solar
system birth hidden in the magnetism of
meteors a phenomenal work by Arizona
State also a look at galaxy life cycles
aided by Hubble a great piece on
intergalactic wind of previously
unconformity hazard graphic to go with
an article about seismic
risks near Puget Sound then we come to
this whether you can weather this
whether or not depends on how warm you
dress first imagine your monthly average
snowfall is 4.8 inches your record in a
day is 4.7 and you just saw more than a
foot of snow or how about temperatures
plummeting to 45 degrees below average
well below zero in many places with
records set across four states so far as
a line of arctic air as a pathway all
the way south through the Gulf and past
Mexico just take heed of what's around
check your local weather take
precautions at least socal is going to
get some rain in their forecast Europe
I'm beginning to think these systems
will just cycle through the exact same
locations day after day our watch zones
are along the eastern convergence of the
Atlantic low in the southeastern system
down under a convergence between nations
will shift to New Zealand in a few hours
while strong convergence builds in
southern Australia no mysteries with our
watch zones here the mobile observatory
project is in Atlanta freezing our toes
off for two days private event to
Trinity today and our public event
tomorrow at Whole Foods come see us
chats and science the location time and
all details can be found at observatory
project com which is also linked for you
right below this video got some shots of
our star to close its 555 a.m. eastern
time and that's the news eyes open no
fear be safe everyone